jennifer hi are you going to the bonfire
tomorrow she's saying to my boy sean
here i cannot wait to go to the bonfire
tonight so i can hang out with
jennifer jennifer nick and sean
are two of the best players in the
states
oh bump the football camp two weeks
without girls who wouldn't be bummed
but this summer are you guys thanks for
cheering him for what there's gonna be
300 girls up there who want it just as
much as we do
300 girls who want it just as much as we
do
screw football let's go cheer
what a fantastic idea come on it's
nick and sean they'll boldly go you
might have everyone else fooled but not
me
where no player has ever gone before
i think our bus crashed and we're in
heaven
now what if you spell you're at
university now
fired up university welcome to cheer
camp she's such a fox
what are you doing later not you damn it
the guys who never thought they could
fall for anyone
where are you going bro i'm currently
not going to work on reverse cartwheels
i'm having trouble with my rotation
it's like ah you like her i knew it
you're gonna ruin everything
ow we'll have to take their game guys
this is my boyfriend
what's up guys i'm dr rick really
[Music]
pound to a whole new level he's pre-mad
at illinois then why do you call
yourself doctor
why put off the inevitable
who's that the panthers you guys came
back
we're a different team this year gwyneth
see you on the chair field it's that big
chunk of grass you come in last on
every year panthers out
what do the panthers have that you don't
have laser hair removal kick ass cheers
confidence let's do this i don't want to
cut the blonde one what i'm just saying
[Music]
i haven't felt this way before i gotta
tell her i really like harley davidson
what's up dick it's rick dr rick i keep
doing that you just look like such a
dick to me
fired up see you guys where are close
what do you two think you're doing
practicing al dente proceed hey tigers
yeah dude i like
given it
[Music]